{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang16393{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 Dr. Oloruntoyin Sefiu Taiwo\par
Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science\par
Emmanuel Alayande College Of Education, NIGERIA.\par
\par
Dr. Paresh V Virparia \par
Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science\par
Sardar Patel University, Gujarat, INDIA.\par
\par
Dr. Tarun Kumar Gupta\par
Department of Computer Science Engg.,Radha Govind Group of Institutions, Anuyogipuram, Garh Road, Meerut, INDIA.\par
\par
Dr. Vasavi.Bande\par
Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science & Engineering\par
Noble College of Engg. & Technology for Women, Hyderabad, A.P., INDIA.\par
\par
Dr. Shaik Nazeer\par
Department of Computer Science & Engineering, Bapatla Engg. College,\par
Bapatla, Gutur District,A.P., INDIA.\par
\par
Dr. Mohammed Ali Hussain \par
Department of Computer Science & Engineering, \par
Sri Sai Madhavi Institute of Science & Tech., Rajahmundry, A.P., INDIA\par
\par
Dr. Brojo Kishore Mishra\par
Principal and Professor, Department of Computer Science & Engineering,\par
MITS Institute of Polytechnic, Odisha, INDIA.\par
\par
Dr. Suvanam Sasidhar Babu\par
Professor & Dean, Computer Science & Engineering,\par
Adi Shankara Institute of Engineering & Technology, Kerala, INDIA.\par
\par
Prof. Vilender Kumar\par
Professor,Deptt. of Computer Science & Information Technology\par
IITM, New Delhi, INDIA.\par
\par
Dr. Syed Asif Ali\par
Chairman, Department of Computer Science,\par
SMI University Karachi, Pakistan.\par
\par
Dr. Seyed Hossein Hosseini Nazhad Ghazani\par
Department of Computer Engineering, Islamic Azad University, Ahar, IRAN.\par
\par
Dr. Rafiqul Zaman Khan\par
Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science, Aligarh Muslim University, Aligarh, INDIA.\par
\par
Dr. Ravi M Gulati\par
Associate Professor,Department of Computer Science, Veer Narmad South Gujarat University, Gujarat, INDIA.\par
\par
Dr. Neelu Khare \par
Assistant Professor,Department of Computer Applications \par
MANIT, Bhopal, M.P., INDIA.\par
\par
Dr. Asoke Nath\par
Assistant Professor,Department of Computer Science, \par
St. Xavier\rquote s College(Autonomous), Kolkata, INDIA.\par
\par
Dr. D.Rajinigirinath\par
R&D and Computer Science and Engineering,\par
Mailam Engineering College, Mailam,Tamilnadu, INDIA.\par
\par
Dr. Vaka Murali Mohan Goud\par
Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science Engineering, \par
TRR College of Engineering, Hyderabad, INDIA.\par
\par
Dr. Vudasreenivasarao\par
Professor, Computer and Information Technology,\par
Defence University College, Ethiopia, A.P.,INDIA.\par
\par
Mr. George D Sworo\par
Ph. D Fellow, Electrical and Computer department of Drexel University, \par
Philadelphia, USA.\par
\par
Mr. Amnesh Goel \par
Independent Researcher and Analyst, \par
Department of Computer Science and Engineering ,\par
Amity University, Noida , INDIA.\par
\par
Prof. Jia Uddin\par
Assistant Professor(Study Leave), Computer & Communication Engineering International Islamic University Chittagong, Bangladesh \par
PhD Student, Embedded System Lab,University of Ulsan, SOUTH KOREA.\par
\par
Prof. Kishorjit Nongmeikapam \par
Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science Engineering \par
Manipur Institute of Technology, Manipur University, INDIA.\par
\par
Prof. A.siles Balasingh\par
Head of Department, Department of Computer science and Engineering , St.Joseph University in Tanzania, Tanzania-Dar es salaam, East Africa.\par
\par
Prof. Anuj Kumar Gupta\par
Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science & Engineering,\par
RIMT Institute of Engineering & Technology, INDIA.\par
\par
Prof. Stuti Asthana \par
Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science & Engineering, Technocrats Institute of Technology(E), Bhopal, , INDIA.\par
\par
Prof. Anand Nayyar\par
Assistant Professor,Department of Computer Applications & IT\par
KCL Institute of Management and Technology (KCL-IMT),Jalandhar , INDIA.\par
\par
Prof. Shibakali Gupta\par
Assistant Professor, Computer Science and Engineering Department, UIT, Burdwan University, West Bengal, INDIA.\par
\par
Prof. Aaruni Goel\par
Associate Professor, Computer Science And Information Technology, IIMT Engineering College, U.P., INDIA.\par
\par
Prof. Sandeep Mathur \par
Assistant Professor, Computer Science Engg., Amity University, Noida, INDIA.\par
\par
Prof. Debabrata Samanta\par
Assistant Professor, Computer Science Engg., Member of the Machine Intelligence Research Labs (MIR Labs.), INDIA.\par
\par
Ms. Ramya C \par
Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science & Engg.\par
University B.D.T. College of engineering, Karnataka, INDIA.\par
\par
Mr. Sangram Ray\par
Department of Computer Science and Engineering\par
Indian School of Mines, Dhanbad, INDIA.\par
\par
Mr. K K Chaturvedi \par
ARS (Computer Applications),Centre for Agricultural Bioinformatics (CABin) \par
Indian Agricultural Statistics Research Institute, INDIA.\par
\par
Prof. Girish M Tere \par
Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science\par
Thakur College of Science and Commerce, Mumbai, INDIA.\par
\par
Prof. Gnanajeyaraman Rajaram \par
Computer Science Engineering Department,\par
PVP College of Engg.& Technology for Women, TAMILNADU, INDIA.\par
\par
Prof. Pawan Kumar Goel\par
Department of Computer Science & Engineering\par
Shamli Institute of Engineering & Technology, Meerut, INDIA.\par
\par
Prof. Gutam Kumar\par
Department of Computer Science & Engineering\par
Shamli Institute of Engineering & Technology, Meerut, INDIA.\par
\par
Prof. Niraj Singhal\par
Assistant Professor, Faculty of Electronics, \par
Informatics and Computer Engineering,Shobhit University, U.P., INDIA.\par
\par
Prof. Payal Jain \par
Department of Computer Science & Engineering\par
M.M.E.C., Maharishi Markandeshwar University, Ambala, INDIA.\par
\par
Prof. Manish Gangawane \par
Department of Computer Science & Engineering\par
Parvara Rural Education Society, Sir Visvesvaraya Institute of Technology, Nashik, INDIA.\par
\par
Prof.(Dr.) D . Asir Antony Gnana Singh \par
Assistant Professor,Department of Computer Science and Engineering, M.I.E.T Engineering College, Trichy, INDIA\par
\par
Mr. Sanjiv Sharma\par
Faculty of Computer Science Engineering Department,\par
MITS, Gwalior, INDIA.\par
\par
Mr. K.Suresh\par
Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engg.,\par
Annamacharya Institute of Tech. & Sciences, INDIA.\par
\par
Mr. Damodar Reddy Edla\par
Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engg.\par
National Institute of Technology, Goa, INDIA.\par
\par
Ms. Ipsita Panda\par
Asst. Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engg., \par
Synergy Institutre of Engg. & Technology, Odisha, INDIA.\par
\par
Mr. Gaurang Panchal\par
Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engg,\par
Chandubhai S. Patel Institute of Technology, INDIA.\par
\par
Mr. Anup Bhange\par
Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engg,\par
KDK College of Engineering Nagpur, Maharashtra, INDIA.\par
\par
Mr.Shivkant Kaushik \par
Faculty of Engineering, Department of Computer Science & Information Technology,\par
JaganNath University, Rajasthan, INDIA.\par
\par
Dr.Tranos Zuva\par
Department of Computer Systems Engineering,\par
Tshwane University of Technology\par
Soshanguve South Campus,Pretoria, South Africa.\par
\par
Dr.Chandrasekaran Subramaniam\par
Professor & Dean, Computer Science and Engineering, \par
Information Technology, Velammal Engineering College,\par
Chennai, Tamilnadu, INDIA\par
\par
Mr.Ved P Mishra\par
Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engineering,\par
Amity University Dubai, Block-10, DIAC, Dubai,UAE\par
\par
Dr. Anubhav Kumar\par
School of Computer Sciences\par
Lingaya's University\par
Faridabad, INDIA.\par
\par
Prof. Ravindra N. Jogekar\par
Assistant Prof., Department of Computer Science & Engineering,\par
Priyadarshini J L College of Engineering, Nagpur, INDIA.\par
\par
Dr. Norjihan bt Abdul Ghani\par
Dept of Information System, \par
Faculty of Computer Science & Information Technology\par
KualaLumpur, MALAYSIA\par
\par
Prof. Pranay Meshram\par
Assistant Prof., Department of Computer Science & Engineering,\par
Priyadarshini J L College of Engineering, Nagpur, INDIA.\par
\par
Prof. K.Elangovan\par
Lecturer,Dept. of Computer Science and Engineering, Bharathidasan University,Tiruchirappalli,\par
Tamilnadu,INDIA\par
\par
Dr.Hamid Tabatabaee, PhD.\par
Assistant Professor,\par
Department of Computer Engineering, Quchan Branch,Islamic Azad University,\par
Quchan, Iran.\par
\par
Prof. Santosh Ramkrishna Durugkar\par
Assistant Professor, Dept. of Computer Science and Engineering\par
M.E.I.T (Pune University), India\par
\par
Dr. Mounir Bouhedda\par
Associate Professor, Faculty of Sciences and Technology Electrical Engineering and Computers Nouveau pole Universitaire, MEDEA Algeria\par
\par
Dr. Seddeq Ghrare \par
Associate Professor, Electrical and Computer Engineering, Faculty of Engineering,University of Aljabal Algharbi LIBYA\par
\par
Dr. Muhammad Arif Amin\par
Department of Computer and Information Science, Abu Dhabi, UAE\par
\par
Prof. Dominic D. Damoah\par
Computer Science, Valley View University, Adentan-Accra Ghana\par
\par
Dr. R. Muralidharan\par
Assistant Professor & Head, \par
Department of Computer Science & Computer Applications, Rathinam College of Arts & Science (AUTONOMOUS), Coimbatore,Tamil Nadu, India\par
\par
Dr. Sukumar Senthilkumar\par
Professor,Post Doctorate in Mathematics and Post Doctorate in Computer Science & Engineering,\par
School of Computing Science and Engineering, Division of Digital Media Computing, Vellore Institute of Technology-University, Vellore-632014, Tamilnadu, INDIA.\par
\par
Prof. Ruhi Saxena\par
Assistant Prof., Department of Computer Science\par
Mody University of Science & Technology, Laxmangarh, Rajasthan, INDIA \par
\par
Prof.Ramesh T. Prajapati\par
Assistant Prof., Department of Computer Engineering/Information Technonogy Shree Saraswati Education Sasthan Group of Institutions,Rajpur, INDIA\par
\par
Dr.Seddeq Ghrare\par
Electrical and Computer Engineering, Faculty of Engineering, University of Aljabal Algharbi\par
Libya\par
\par
Dr. Ahmed Elaraby\par
Lecturer Assistant of Computer Science Department of Mathematics Faculty of Science\par
South Valley University\par
Qena, 83523, Egypt.\par
\par
Dr. Omer Muhammad Ayoub\par
Department of Computer Science AlBarrak Group of Companies,\par
Jeddah KSA, Saudi Arabia\par
\par
Prof.Shekhar.R\par
Department of Computer Science & Engineering Alliance college of Engineering and Design Alliance University, Bangalore, India\par
\par
Mohammad Samadi Gharajeh\par
Department of Computer Engineering Tabriz Branch, Islamic Azad University Tabriz, Iran\par
\par
Dr.Yousef FARHAOUI\par
Asst. Prof., Department of Computer Science\par
Faculty of Sciences and Technic\par
Moulay Ismail University, Morocco.\par
\par
Prof. S.Alaudeen Basha\par
Assistant Profesor (Senior Grade), Department of Computer Science and Engineering Dhirajlal Gandhi College of Technology,Salem, Tamilnadu, India.\par
\par
Prof. Irfan Uddin\par
Asst. Prof. ,College of Computer and Information System, Al-Yamamah University, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia\par
\par
Dr. Ram Ranjan Sahu\par
Computer aided engineering (CAE) Hall-25, ERC, TATA Motors, Pimpri, INDIA .\par
\par
Dr. Abdul J. Shaikh Azad\par
Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science, PSGVP Mandal's Arts, Commerce and Science College, Maharashtra, INDIA\par
\par
Dr. S. Nithyanandam\par
Department of Computer Science Engg,Prist University , Tamilnadu, INDIA\par
\par
Dr.S.Gowrishankar\par
Associate Professor,Department of Computer Science and Engineering,\par
Dr.Ambedkar Institute of Technology, Karnataka, INDIA\par
\par
Prof. Dr. Jammi Ashok\par
Professor, School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Hawassa University, Hawassa, East Africa\par
\par
Dr. Viral Nagori\par
Faculty of Computer Technology, GLS University, GLS Campus, Ahmedabad, Gujarat, INDIA\par
\par
Prof.(Dr.) J.K.Gothwal\par
Professor (Computer Science & Engineering),Rajeev Gandhi Memorial College of Engineering & Technology - (Autonomous), Andhra Pradesh, INDIA\par
\par
Mrs. Rakhi Roy \par
Researcher, Department of Electrical & Computer Engineering University of Canterbury, Christchurch, NewZealand\par
\par
Prof. Mitul K. Patel\par
Head of Department & Assistant Professor,Department of Computer Engineering,\par
Shree Swami Atmanand Saraswati Institute of Technology, Surat, Gujarat, INDIA\par
\par
Prof. Saba Khalid \par
Computer Science and EngineeringDepartment,Integral University,Lucknow, INDIA.\par
\par
Prof.Faiyaz Ahmad\par
Computer Science and EngineeringDepartment,Integral University,Lucknow, INDIA.\par
\par
Dr. Aftab Alam \par
Department of Computer Science King Khalid University Abha, KSA\par
\par
Mr.Tarun Goyal \par
Lecturer, Department of Computer Science and IT Govt. Engineering College Ajmer, Rajasthan, INDIA\par
\par
Ms. Deepika.V\par
Assistant professor, Department of Computer Science & Engineering, SR Engineering College, Warangal, Telangana, INDIA\par
\par
Dr. Tariq Hussain Sheikh\par
Lecturer, Department of Computer Science Govt. Degree College, Poonch (J&K), INDIA\par
\par
Ms. Jhankar Moolchandani \par
Lecturer, Department of Computer Science Govt. ECB, Bikaner, Rajasthan, INDIA\par
\par
Mr.Bodhe Abhijit Sakharam\par
Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science & Engineering, Sanjivani Rural Education , Society Kopargaon, INDIA\par
\par
Mrs. Alaa Mustafa Hassan\par
Director of Computer & Internet Center College of Dentistry University of Kirkuk, Iraq\par
\par
Mr. Balan.S\par
Department of Computer Science, Government Arts College Coimbatore,INDIA\par
\par
Prof.Chandrashekhar Shankar Shinde\par
Assistant Prof., Computer Science & Engineering Department Dr. J. J. Magdum College of Engineering, Maharashtra, INDIA\par
\par
Dr. Ratika Pradhan\par
Professor and Head, Department of Computer Applications Sikkim Manipal Institute of Technology, Sikkim, INDIA\par
\par
Dr. Krunalkumar Chunilal Kamani\par
Assistant Professor (Computer Science), Department of Dairy Business Management SMC College of Dairy Science, Anand Agricultural University, Gujarat, INDIA\par
\par
Dr. A.V.Senthil Kumar\par
Professor, PG and Research Department of Computer Applications, Hindusthan College of Arts and Science Coimbatore, Tamilnadu, INDIA\par
\par
Dr.Manish Saxena\par
Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science, Feroze Gandhi Inst of Eng. &amp; Tech, Raebareli, U.P., INDIA\par
\par
Prof. Ankur Singh Bist\par
Assistant Professor, Computer Science and Engineering, KIET, Ghaziabad, INDIA\par
\par
Dr. Salim Istyaq\par
Asst. Prof.,Computer Engineering, University Polytechnic, Faculty of Engineering & Technology, Aligarh Muslim University, Aligarh, INDIA\par
\par
Prof. Suryakant Pathak\par
Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science & Engineering, Dr. K N Modi University Newai, Rajasthan, INDIA\par
\par
Prof. Neeraj Kumar\par
Assistant Professor, Depat. of Computer Science and Engineering, JIMS Engineering Management Technical Campus, Noida, INDIA\par
\par
Prof. Kuntal Barua\par
Department of Computer Science and Engg.,Lakshmi Narain College of Technology, Bhawrasla, Indore INDIA\par
\par
Prof. Sunil Pathak\par
Associate Professor & Head,\par
Department of Computer Science & Engineering, Chanakya Technical Campus, Jaipur, Rajasthan, INDIA\par
\par
Ms. Nabanita Basu\par
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Calcutta, Kolkata, INDIA\par
\par
Mr. Muhammad Arif\par
Department of Computer Science, University of Gujrat, Gujrat PAKISTAN\par
\par
Dr. Ikvinderpal Singh\par
Assistant Professor, P.G. Deptt. of Computer Science & Applications, Trai Shatabdi GGS Khalsa College, Amritsar, INDIA\par
\par
Dr. Ashish Kr. Luhach\par
Associate Professor,Computer Science & Engineering, Lovely Professional University, Jalandhar, Punjab, INDIA\par
\par
Prof. Kumbharde Mayur .V.\par
Assistant Prof., Department of Computer Engineering, S.N.D. College Of Engineering &amp; Research Center Nashik Maharashtra, INDIA\par
\par
Mr. Arshad Shareef\par
Assistant Professor Department of Computer Science & Engineering Arkay College of Engineering & Technology, Telangana State. INDIA\par
\par
Prof.P.P.Dandavate\par
Assistant Profesor, Department of Computer Engineering, Padmabhooshan Vasantdada Patil Institute of Technology Pune, India.\par
\par
Dr.S.Markkandeyan\par
Professor,Computer Science and Engineering,RVS College of Engineering, RVS Nagar, Dindigul- INDIA\par
\par
Dr. Sanjay K. Singh\par
Professor,Computer Science and Engineering,Amity University, Uttar Pradesh, INDIA\par
\par
Dr. Alex Roney Mathew\par
Assoc. Professor & Chair\par
Dept. of Information Technology, CAS-Ministry of Higher Education\par
Sultanate of Oman., OMAN.\par
\par
Dr. G.Dalin\par
Assistant Professor, Department of Information Technology, \par
SNMV College, Malumachampatti, INDIA.\par
\par
Dr. N.Malarvizhi\par
Professor, Department of Information Technology \par
Jawahar Engineering College,K.K Salai, Saligramam, Chennai, INDIA.\par
\par
Dr. Sameer Shreeniwas Prabhune\par
Professor and Head, Department Of Information Technology,\par
Shri Sant Gajanan Maharaj College Of Engineering, Shegaon, Maharashtra, INDIA.\par
\par
Dr. T. Sheela \par
Professor and Head, Department of Information Technology,\par
Sri Sairam Engineering College, Chennai, INDIA.\par
\par
Md. Sipon Miah\par
Assistant Professor, Department of Information Communication Engineering, Islamic University, Kushtia, Bangladesh.\par
\par
Dr. Vudasreenivasarao\par
Professor, Computer and Information Technology,\par
Defence University College, Ethiopia, A.P.,INDIA.\par
\par
Prof. N. Venkatesan\par
Associate Prof., Department of Information Technology,\par
Bharathiyar College of Engineering & Technology, Karaikal, INDIA.\par
\par
Dr. Rakesh K Bhujade \par
Assistant Professor, Department of Information Technology, Technocrats Institute of Technology, Bhopal, INDIA.\par
\par
Prof. Anil Kumar Chaudhary \par
Assistant Professor, Department of Electronics Design and Technology,\par
National Institute of Electronics and Information Technology,U.P. , INDIA.\par
\par
Prof. Sanjay Singh \par
Assistant Professor, Department of Electronics Design and Technology, National Institute of Electronics and Information Technology, U.P., INDIA.\par
\par
Prof. Kiritkumar Modi\par
Associate Professor, Department of Information Technology\par
U V Patel College of Engineering, Ganpat University,Gujarat, INDIA.\par
\par
\par
Mrs. Rashmi Bhattad\par
Department of Information Technology Engineering,\par
Marathwada Mitra Mandal\rquote s, Pune, INDIA.\par
\par
Ms. Dipti Pawade\par
Assistant Prof., Department of Information Technology,\par
K. J. Somaiya College of Engineering, Vidyavihar, Mumbai, INDIA.\par
\par
Mr. Pankaj Bhambri\par
Assistant Professor, Department of Information Technology\par
Guru Nanak Dev Engineering College, Punjab, INDIA.\par
\par
Dr.PVL Narayana Rao\par
Professor, Department of Information System\par
Welkite university, EAST AFRICA\par
\par
Prof. Vijaykumar S. Bidve \par
Assistant Professor, Information Technology Deptt., STES\rquote s SKNCOE, Pune, India\par
\par
Dr.Ramadan Elaiess\par
Assistant Professor, Dept. of Information Studies University of Benghazi LIBYA\par
\par
Dr. Sudha Singh\par
Professor and Head, Department of Information Technology, MGM College of Engineering and Technology, Navi Mumbai. INDIA\par
\par
Dr.Abu Taha Zamani \par
Deanship of Information Technology, Northern BorderUniversity, Arar , Kingdom Of Saudi Arabia\par
\par
Dr. Shuangyong Song\par
Information Technology Laboratory, Fujitsu R&D Center Co., Ltd., Beijing P.R. China\par
\par
Dr. Vinod Kumar Shukla \par
Assistant Professor, Department of Information Technology, Amity University, DUBAI\par
\par
Prof. Velmurugan J \par
Assistant Professor, Department of Information Technology, Veltech Hightech Dr.Rangarajan Dr.Sakunthala Engineering College, Chennai, INDIA\par
\par
Dr.H.Hamidi\par
Assistant Professor, Information Technology Engineering Group, Department of Industrial Engineering, K.N. Toosi University of Technology Seyedkhandan, Dr. Shariati Ave,Tehran,Iran.\par
\par
Prof. Velmurugan J \par
Assistant Professor, Department of Information Technology, Veltech Hightech Dr.Rangarajan Dr.Sakunthala Engineering College, Chennai, INDIA\par
\par
Ms. Valarmathi.k\par
Assistant Prof., Depatment of Information Technology, Easwari Engineering College,Bharathi Salai,Ramapuram,chennai, INDIA\par
\par
Mrs. Sarita. C. Sakure,\par
Assistant Professor, Department of Information Technology, KDKCE,Nagpur, INDIA\par
\par
Dr. R. Devi Priya\par
Department of Information Technology, Kongu Engineering College, Erode, Tamilnadu, INDIA\par
\par
Dr. I.B.Lal\par
Assistant Prof., Dept. of Information Technology L.N.Mishra College of Business Management Muzaffarpur, Bihar. INDIA\par
\par
\par
}
 